Jack's Adventures: Time Travel

It all started when Jack went into his attic. One fine day, Jack was exploring his attic when he came across a box labeled,"DO NOT OPEN". But it was his nature to be curios. As fast as lightning he opened the box. Inside was a time machine! He knew it was a time machine because it had sone kind of green swirling powder in a portal. He was flabbergasted. Then he had an idea,"What if I take ideas from a thousand years in the future to a thousand years in the past?" That didn't work. In the past, everyone was at war so they thought he was just a terrorist.He barely came out alive. He also had brouhgt a phone from the future. But he needed to warn others. When he was in the future, The world was taken over AI and there were only a few humans left. Also, when the AIs sensed him, they tried to kill him. Thankfully, his time macine was close so he got out alive. But when he told his teacher about it, the teacher told the police, the police told the sheriff, the sheriff told the government. Then the government told its guards to go and get the time machine. But the guards got jealous and went in. Then the guards got stuck in a time loop because Jack had some kind of power which grants him the ability to time travel. The only thing i, he only needed the time machine to unlock his powers. Now the time machine waas jast a piece of trash. In history, Johnny was learning about ancient Rome and the next day, they had a field trip there. Then he thuoght,"What if I could go to Ancient Rome right now?" Then something unexpected happend he actually travelled back in time. He also needed a time machine linked to him at all times. In ancient Rome, his time machine wasn't made yot.But he travelled here so he should have it here. Unfortunatly, he wasn't able to go back so that meant the one here just wasn't linked to him (yet). He aske the peole,"Do you know of any time machine?". They all answered,"The evil wizard. He has the only time machine in existence."."Thanks for the information."I replied. But one person answered,"Only a wizard of his power could defeat him." Then he saw a sign labeled,"Magic scool for wizards." Jimmy went in and told them everything. Then he started his training.Everyday, he would learn a new type of magis. On his last day, he learnt the hardest magic to larn. Chaos Magis.
